<a style="margin-top: 1em; color: rgb(255, 255, 204); background-color: rgb(204, 0, 0); display: block; text-align: center; text-decoration: none;" href="https://forum.palemoon.org/viewtopic.php?f=1&amp;t=14912" target="_blank"><big><big>Pale Moon User Survey open</big></big><br>
Do you want to weigh in on the future of Pale Moon?<br />
</a>
<h1>Pale Moon Add-ons Site</h1>

<h3>What are Add-ons?</h3>
<p>Add-ons let you customize Pale Moon with extra functionality or a different look.</p>
<p>There are <em>several</em> types of add-ons. <em>Extensions</em> expand the capabilities of the browser, <em>themes</em> allow you to personalize Pale Moon's visual aesthetic, and <em>plugins</em> further extend the browser with specialized external components such as the <a href="http://get.adobe.com/flashplayer/" target="_blank">Adobe Flash Player</a>.</p>

<h3>Search (Engine) Plugins</h3>
<p>Looking for that Google Search plugin? Perhaps you want to easily search Youtube or just want to ask why Ask.com got rid of Jeeves from your browser's search box. Head over <a href="/search-plugins/">here</a> to grab your favorite search plugin. More are on the way so check back frequently!</p>

<h3>Language Packs, Tab Groups, and Pale Moon Commander</h3>
<p>Because the add-ons site is a new community effort, a few items will not be added to it at this time. These include the Language Packs and the two Pale Moon add-ons created and maintained by Moonchild himself.</p>
<p>You can find all the language packs for Pale Moon <a href="http://www.palemoon.org/langpacks.shtml">here</a>. Additionally, the Tab Groups add-on is <a href="http://www.palemoon.org/tabgroups.shtml">here</a> and Pale Moon Commander is <a href="http://www.palemoon.org/commander.shtml">here</a>.</p>

<h3>Some of your add-ons not working since you updated to Pale Moon 25?</h3>
<p>Please check out <a href="/incompatible/">Known Incompatible Add-ons</a>.

<h3>Not finding what you are looking for?</h3>
<p>We are working hard to populate the Pale Moon Add-ons Site but some add-ons may not yet be on the site or are not listed because they still work. If you cannot find something, please make sure to try the <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/" target="_blank">Mozilla Add-ons Site</a></p>
