<h1>Pale Moon Add-ons Site</h1>

<h3>What are Add-ons?</h3>
<p>Add-ons let you customize Pale Moon with extra functionality or a different look.</p>
<p>There are <em>several</em> types of add-ons. <em>Extensions</em> expand the capabilities of the browser, <em>themes</em> allow you to personalize Pale Moon's visual aesthetic, and <em>plugins</em> further extend the browser with specialized external components such as the <a href="http://get.adobe.com/flashplayer/" target="_blank">Adobe Flash Player</a>.</p>

<h3>Stay up to date with Announcements and Updates</h3>
<p>To better facilitate transparency between the Pale Moon Add-ons Team and you we have set up an <a href="/announcements/">announcements</a> page. This mirrors the posts from <a href="http://forum.palemoon.org/viewtopic.php?t=6144" target="_blank">this thread</a> on the forums. It also has a <a href="/feed">feed</a> you can subscribe to</a>!

<h3>Language Packs, Tab Groups, and Pale Moon Commander</h3>
<p>Because the add-ons site is a new community effort, a few items will not be added to it at this time. These include the Language Packs and the two Pale Moon add-ons created and maintained by Moonchild himself.</p>
<p>You can find all the language packs for Pale Moon <a href="http://www.palemoon.org/langpacks.shtml">here</a>. Additionally, the Tab Groups add-on is <a href="http://www.palemoon.org/tabgroups.shtml">here</a> and Pale Moon Commander is <a href="http://www.palemoon.org/commander.shtml">here</a>.</p>

<h3>Some of your add-ons not working since you updated to Pale Moon 25?</h3>
<p>Please check out <a href="/firefox/incompatible/">Known Incompatible Add-ons</a>.

<h3>Not finding what you are looking for?</h3>
<p>We are working hard to populate the Pale Moon Add-ons Site but some add-ons may not yet be on the site or are not listed because they still work. If you cannot find something, please make sure to try the <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/" target="_blank">Mozilla Add-ons Site</a></p>
